# Week one reflection: What is digital history?

Before taking this class, I had a narrow idea of what 'digital history' was. I used to think of it as digital archives or museum exhibits that were available online. I mostly associated it with databases where I could access primary sources that I could access through academic institutions. The materials from this week, especially the twitter thread by Amalia Skarlatou Levi, confirm my idea that digital history consists of digital archives. But, I would say that the other materials helped me realize that digital history is broader than just what is accessible through academia. Before reading the AHR Openf Review article, "History can be open source: Democratic dreams and the rise of digital history," I now understand digital history to include open source websites like Wikipedia, social media, and other accessible websites where many people, not just those studying or teaching history in academic institutions, can freely read up on historical information. Digital history not only includes historians but also web developers and computer scientists that help to digitize and present public history. 

The articles from this week have addressed the 'digital silences' that are in the field, like the lack of acknowledgement of the contributions of women to the development of digital history. I think that the idea of 'digital silences' has a lot to do with power, access, and agency. This idea is pointed out in the AHR article that talks about the 'democratization' of digital history. Given the emphasis on code in the field, how does this impact the structures that inhibit women and people of colour from participating in digital history? According to the article, online access is a big part of 'democratic' digital scholarship. But what about those who do not have online access? What does digital history have to offer communities that have poor access to the internet? Given its limitations, digital history is still exciting to me in the possibilities that it has for representing previously silenced communities who may now have a way of representing their own histories in this open source format.
